all righty you sexy Sons of Guns I am
going to teach you today step by step
how you can make your own supplements
brand now the steps that I'm going to be
going over are applicable to more than
just supplement Brands right but
basically I'm going to show you kind of
end to end exactly what we're doing
right now and I think this is quite a
interesting strategy if you've ever
wanted to start your own brand or maybe
if you've already got your own brand but
you're looking to do something else I
think there's going to be so much in
this video that's going to be really
really interesting and useful for you so
just a little bit about us right we
generally do Amazon FBA but right now we
are in development with a new brand that
we're going to be launching in the UK
and I want to kind of document exactly
how we're doing it because yeah I think
it's super super useful so this is one
of our brands at the minute that you can
see on screen so this is a tool called
scale insights so this one of our brands
in the US um last 30 days we've done
about
$100,000 in Revenue and about just under
$166,000 in profit so we've just
launched a few new products so generally
when that happens our profit margin goes
down you can see yesterday we had a
pretty tasty day 4.2k in sales $1,100 in
profit for a 26% margin but usually
we're around 20% margin but the last 30
days has been a bit lower because of new
product launches but what we are now
doing is moving away from just being
Amazon FBA we're launching a new brand
but also this brand in the US we're
launching on Tik Tok shop we're also
going to be doing D Toc and we're going
to be documenting it all on the channel
but also in our community honest FBA if
you're interested in anything in
learning more about the community check
out the video description but today what
I am going to be talking about is four
key steps right and I'm going to explain
each one and then I'm going to show you
kind of Hands-On examples of each one of
them and I think this is going to make
it really clear for how you launch
things like supplements and how you
create Brands around them because
honestly it's not that difficult I'm not
saying it's easy to create a really
successful supplement brand and
supplements are a competitive space but
you can use the fundamentals here and
the the strategies and the tactics and
all the things that I'm talking about on
any Niche it doesn't have to be
supplements I just personally really
like supplements right now I think it's
something that's just there's so many
smaller sub niches of supplements and if
you understand these fundamentals I'm
going to talk about in these steps then
you can basically apply it to anything
right and this is also taken into
account something that's really really
changed in the last six to 12 months and
that's Tik Tok and short form content
which I will be diving into we also have
a Creator community so if you're
interested in learning more about Tik
Tok Sho and creating your own content
check out the video description as well
but without further Ado let's get into
it because I think this is going to help
you see so many opportunities for
creating your your own Brands launching
your own products um and if you want me
to go in depth on any of these steps a
little bit more because it's going to be
quite high level but showing you hands
on then just let me know in the video
comments below but but let's do it right
so step one you want to be finding an
existing brand or product that's doing
really well ideally in a trending Niche
now I can show you some examples right
so one of the best examples I think of
this being done really really well is
space Goods now this is a brand in the
UK essentially the founder of this brand
saw in the US that things like mushroom
coffee were absolutely booming so if you
come across the Amazon and you search
mushroom coffee oh coffee mushroom
mushroom coffee what you're going to see
is that this is a huge Trend now trends
like this start when a brand or a series
of Brands launch a type of product
that's a little bit Innovative and then
these Trends just start to get more and
more popular so you can see right in
2020 which is not that long ago
obviously like four years ago you know
there was some people searching for
mushroom coffee it existed but it wasn't
massive right and then as you can see
over time it's got more and more popular
to the point where at its peak there was
330,000 people searching for mushroom
coffee now this is essentially what's H
what happens right and where I think the
money is to be made is if you know how
to spot these trends and then you know
how to develop products and Brands then
you can do really well because space
Goods is essentially a product and a
brand that's based off an existing
product and brand that was doing really
well in the US and then launched into
the UK not taking anything away from the
founder of this brand it's an incredible
brand a great product and he's executed
on it in insanely well but I think it's
an amazing example of essentially just
copying something that's already working
putting your own spin on it and doing a
different version of it in a different
market right and this this is the first
step you want to be looking at Trends
and finding these niches that are
emerging or trending you want to see who
else is doing it really well and then
you want to bring that with with it with
a Twist I'm not just saying copy The
Branding I'm not saying launch one
called star Goods copy The Branding but
use it as inspiration because that's
what most successful businesses are so
I'm going to show you a brand that I've
found and a product that I think there's
so much opportunity around and that you
could use this in a different territory
in Europe or Australia wherever you're
based and essentially copy but not
really copy completely this this brand
and this product so and then I'm going
to show you the steps that you can go
through to kind of do that in in your
own way right so this product is called
Primal Queen now I came across this
honestly I think I just came across this
this on Amazon essentially what this is
is a
beef um a beef organ supplement so you
can see introducing Primal coin six
essential female Focus beef organs sour
from 100% grass-fed and P the raise
cattle so this is essentially a little a
packet of these little tablets which are
supplements right um and this brand is
absolutely killing it now first of all
what you'll notice is the brand name is
incredible Primal Queen so obviously a
little bit of a a little perhaps a
little bit of a play on Primal Primal
scream if anybody knows that um but it
it's clearly aimed at women and also The
Branding just looks great like it looks
super different it actually doesn't feel
very Primal to me but um it looks super
super different and it's it's just
really cool so if you come across to
Amazon what you'll see right is if you
search Primal Queen and if you're
wondering how I have all these words and
all of this data down here this is a
tool called helium 10
helium 10 is an Amazon FBA research tool
if you want to get a discount for it
check out the video description but this
is my favorite part of helium 10 seeing
all this data right but here you can see
over time right Primal Queen I don't
know how long it's been around back in
2023 there were some people searching
for I think it launched less than two
years ago but over time what you can see
is as this company's got bigger and this
product has got more popular you know
you got a 100,000 people searching for
this product now so basically all it is
is a l little pack of I think you get 60
and it's a mixture of things it's a it's
a mixture of basically beef organs I
think it's got weird stuff in there like
Fallopian tubes liver brain it's all
freeze dried and then it's put together
into a little capsule right now you
might be thinking how the hell would I
do that and how would I Source it and
all the rest of it and I'm going to show
you how you do that now this type of
product I've actually looked into
sourcing this product and it is quite
complicated it's a little bit of a
logistical Adventure you've got to find
the beef supplements you've got to get
them freeze dried you've got to get them
but honestly things like that that take
a little bit of extra effort are
generally the ones that got a higher
barrier to entry so it's going to be
harder for people to copier now a lot of
people think that supplements you have
to Source them in the US or in Europe
what most people don't realize is that a
lot of supplements are actually still
sourced in China they're sent from China
the raw ingredients and then they are
packaged up in the US market and then on
the on the box it will say made in the
US even though those ingredients are
from China now this is not the case for
this product because I think this
product because its beef is sourced in
Argentina or New Zealand but basically
this is just a supplement that's um a
beef supplement and women use it because
it's you know apparently really good for
a lot of um a lot of things that women
need I don't know like iron all all that
type of stuff right and it helps with
apparently it helps with all these you
know these ailments that women have and
it generally just helps women be
healthier so the entire brand is aimed
at women right and it's Primal Queen
handpick six beef organs for Optimum
optimal female nutrition so you got
kidney you got liver you got heart
uterus over his Fallopian tubes but look
it's vitamin B12 it's CQ10 it's vitamin
A all these things that are really
really healthy for the body right now if
you know the liver King if you've ever
heard of that dude um you you might not
know that he actually has a similar
brand to this so so I don't know whether
he owns the entire brand or he's just
kind of a partner but this ancestral
supplement is um is is a is a product
from the liver Kings brand so he
promotes this on um social media and
it's a very similar thing right it's
it's it's basically this this whole idea
of like ancestral type stuff and keto
and you know the animal based diet which
is super super popular so if we come
down and we look at all the products
that these guys have got um let's have a
look so you can see they got tons of
stuff and it's all based around
grass-fed beef really it's all you know
it's it's different supplements bone
marrow liver all that type of stuff
which is a super trending thing right um
if you just search anything related to
so if we look at like
grass-fed it's this is this is just
getting more and more popular and this
is so if you look at like way protein
grass-fed this is just something that o
over time has got more and more
awareness um and it's got more and more
popular look at this this is just
booming right so this is an example of
where you find an existing product or a
brand that's doing really well in a
trending Niche and then you can be like
right how can I put a spin on that and
how can I bring it to another territory
so what we've done is we've found a
brand that's killing it in the US market
and we're going to be launching not a
complete copycat we're going to be
changing it but we're going to be using
that brand that product as inspiration
and then launching that into the UK
Market because in general I think the UK
Market is four or five years behind the
US the US is always ahead and for me
that just means opportunity right so
step two is you're going to be using
chat gbt and mid journey to develop your
own version for a new market right so
what I'm thinking is I want to create my
own version of Primal queen and I want
to launch it in the UK market for
example or I might want to launch it in
Germany or I might want to launch it in
Spain or wherever you you're based in
Australia who knows but basically I'm
taking an existing idea and then I'm
going to copy it right and a great way
to do this is using chat GPT and or mid
Journey so I did this right so what I
did is I came to chat gbt and I just
started brainstorming names right
because I didn't want to be like Primal
Queen and then copy that in the UK with
with the name I I wanted to come up with
something unique that that really stood
out because I think part of the reason
why these these guys are so successful
is the name is great it's super super
sort of short and snappy it just really
really stands out and you can imagine
women feeling empowered you know I'm a
primal Queen and all that type of stuff
so I really really love the name for
this so what I did is I came across the
chat GPT now if you don't have it it's
worth getting chat GPT 4 because it's
the best version I think it cost about
20 bucks a month so what I did was I was
like give me 20 brand names ideas for a
women's supplement related to Primal
Health right and it and then it just
spits out these ideas now they're not
always amazing but what they can do is
kind of give you um give you ideas so
like Primal Bloom Primal pulse Nature's
Harmony Heritage Health sometimes these
ones are a little bit cheesy wild fem
Earth goddess which is quite cool like
goddess Primal nourish Essence vital
organic flow there's a lot of ideas in
here for for you know a brand name that
could make sense like I quite like that
organic flow you know that's quite cool
pure Vitality wild Wellspring is a bit
weird and then it says these names evoke
the connection to Primal hell for nature
which also emphasizing feminity and
violet because you really need to think
about how your brand name is going to
make people feel you know when when they
see that brand name how does it make
them feel because that really impacts
the perception of the brand so then I
said give me 20 brand namid for for
women supplement using the word Bine
because what I saw is that Bine is you
you see see a lot in this space with
with some with supplements right so
you've got like
Bine um colostrum Bine collagen it's all
based around um beef because Bine I
think is a type of cow so you've got
Bine colostrum which is huge um you see
all these Brands like Miracle moo these
are all huge so I then thought well
could I could I create a brand name
around Bine because I think that could
you know you could have BV King Bine
Queen I didn't really want to steal the
Queen thing but Bine so then you know
Bine Essence Bine Harmony so you can
really see the process right of how you
can use chat GPT and you can use AI um
to really build the basis of a brand you
start with a brand name and then I'm
going to go on and show you how you can
do the packaging and the brand Imaging
and all that type of stuff right so Bine
revive all of these right so so I I
basically came came out at this with a
bunch of ideas for names now generally I
I find that chat G PT doesn't doesn't
find the exact name that I'm going to
use but it gives me a lot of ideas now
it's super simple to use you just
literally type in um give me 20 brand
name IDE ideas and you can make it more
specific and then you can say like give
me another 20 ideas but change this
little part bit right and it's super
easy to do super super simple now the
next thing that I wanted to do was I
wanted to start to understand how
perhaps the brand could look because
what you really want to do whenever
you're selling anything right right is
is you really want to stand out now the
way that I always do that is I come to
the market and I come to the niche and I
check it out and I think right if I was
going to launch one of these products I
want to stand out I don't want to copy
the The Branding and and the kind of
brand imagery of these products right
because they all use a very similar
aesthetic it's it's kind of like this
old school this is almost like a cowboy
kind of feel right these kind of things
and I would not want to look like that
and because if you look you've got these
they're all very very similar and then
it's like boom you've got Primal Queen
and it just stands out so much so for us
personally with every brand that we
launch that's exactly what I want to do
I want to stand out visually I don't
just want to blend in I don't want to
just blend into all these others right
so that's where I want to use chat GPT
again as inspiration and then what I
would do is I would get a a bunch of
different brand image ideas from chat
GPT um and then I would give them to a
designer and the designer would then you
know finish it off and and give you a
finished product so to show you some
ideas right I ended up coming up with um
a couple of ideas Bine Queen was
something that I kind of liked if I'm
being honest I probably wouldn't go with
it because I don't want to be ripping
off Primal Queen too much but I do think
you could do this right now I what I
said to chat gbt is create me a Mo up of
a woman supplement brand called Bine
Queen create the mockup for a bottle of
capsules and place it on a kitchen
counter use colorful design blah blah
blah it didn't come back with something
that was that great but it gave me an
idea because you can see the cow with
the you know with the with the um with
the crown on the top there that's
something that you could work with so
you could start to develop you know um
like create create me a mockup of a
supplement brand called B
Queen um in a photo realistic style
right
um create um create the the mockup of a
product in a
pouch with a logo on the front of a cow
wearing wearing a
crown make it make it super Min minimal
and simple SL clean now let's just see
what it comes up with cuz you can see
here I did another one um make that
design again but with a more Primal
design so this is a little bit more like
what's currently on the market right
when you're looking at this sort of
stuff this is very similar to this so I
don't actually like that but you can see
how you can use it um and and and it
comes up with some really good stuff but
then you get stuff like this right um
here's an updated let's have a look
here's the here's the updated marup
response one
I'm not sure what thisit is but here we
go so it throws you out all of these
ideas and this is basically step two
right this is part of the process that
you need to go through so then you need
to start developing you know your own
version using chat GPT and mid Journey
now mid Journey if you don't have it is
usually through Discord it's very
similar um you can make some more
realistic designs with it but this this
this part of the process is basically
what I went through right and you can
see here I started to you know um I
started to brainstorm more sort of brand
names um you know using chat GPT where I
was like give me 20 brand names I with
the word Primal in them for a
supplements brand so this is part two of
the process right you want to be
starting to get brand names together you
want to get an idea of your brand
identity and your brand identity just
needs to be different you know like this
is what these guys have done they've not
copied they've just they've not copied
the these right which is what I see so
many people doing is they'll see Brands
like Brands like this that are doing
really really well and they'll just
create their own copycat version of it
and it just doesn't work it's not going
to unless you've got some other
competitive Advantage it's really not
going to help you stand out in in very
competitive niches right because what's
crazy about this brand is the amount of
people that are directly searching for
it and I think a huge part of that is
because their branding is just so
different their name their their visual
branding and that's what I would
encourage everybody to do it doesn't
matter what you're looking at just make
it visually stand out and you can do
that by coming up with brand name ideas
with chat GPT and then also you know
using chat GPT to come up with um you
know stuff like this so I ended up going
down um a bit of a different route and I
came up with stuff like this right um so
a brand name that I came up with is you
are Primal again I want it to be around
the Primal theme but moving away from
like Queen and Bine so I was like show
me something in a you know a cage mockup
with sorry with a cave mockup with a
fire burning in the background and it
started to come up with stuff like this
and I was like okay this is cool it's a
little bit different still really wasn't
what I was thinking but I thought this
was quite cool so this really shows you
right the level of like creativity that
you can have even if you're not a
designer you don't have any experience
building Brands you know chat GPT does
so much of the work for you now look at
this this is cool are you telling me
that if I launched that and it was it
was on Amazon then it it wouldn't stand
out like look look how much that would
stand out if if if that was in there it
would stand out so much and you can
imagine how the brand would start to
take shape right it's Primal it's like
old school you know what I mean you can
see and feel it and and I and that's
that's literally taken me two minutes to
sort of you know just do a few different
designs and come up with a few different
things like this was what I wanted to do
was kind of have this caveman kind of
you know brand into it and this is what
came up and I think that looks really
cool um you know it's a little bit rough
around the edges but what you can do is
you can take that idea give it to a
designer and instead of them having to
work from Total scratch they can
basically just use this as inspiration
right so I I thought this was super
super cool um I actually forgot I did
that one so that's the second part
you've got the brand you know you've got
the idea you've got the existing you've
got the you've got the proof that this
product has got good product Market fit
because when you see these products in
these Brands as a beginner you probably
think oh God I could never do that but
trust me these are just copycats of
other things it's very very very few
Brands and products are truly Innovative
it's usually something else that's been
copied changed slightly with a different
twist or whatever almost all the time
it's always just people copying and
imitating and and and just using other
brands for inspiration and stuff like
that so step three right we want to be
getting to the point where we are
finding suppliers and then comparing
those suppliers to China because as I
said at the beginning of the video a lot
of people think right that supplements
and stuff so if you just type in like
supplements right A lot of people will
think that supplements come even if they
that they all come from like the us or
they come from Europe but it's really
not true a lot of this stuff a lot of
this stuff is bought from Asia from
China from India and it will it will get
shipped to the US and then it'll get
packaged up and then it will and then
it'll have made in the USA but the the
ingredients will be worldwide not all of
the time because some stuff obviously
can be sourced but this one look says
Made look this is a this is exactly what
I'm talking about if you look at this
little this little um American flag it
says Made in the USA with globally
sourced ingredients so what that means
is they are getting the turmeric from
overseas they are shipping it to the US
and then they they are turning it into a
little supplement in the US market so
this is doing a million dollars a month
this is turmeric super simple product
now I'm not saying go on and launch
turmeric because this is an incredibly
competitive Niche but this is an example
of where these things are are sourced
from outside of the US and then they're
packaged in the US and you could do the
same in the UK as long as you manufact
as long as you put those ingredients
together and put them in the capsule in
the UK or the us then you can say made
in the US or made in in the UK and
that's perfectly fine right so step
three is starting to find these
suppliers right so if you want to find a
a US supplier there's a couple of ways
that you can do it now what you can do
is you can type in supplement
cacer Co supplement coopaca um USA now a
coopaca is essentially a manufacturing
company right that can take your
ingredients package them together put
them in bottles and then ship them out
for you right so they basically do the
endtoend sort of service on all products
like this right so we use a coopaca in
the US for out for one of our Brands
they actually helped us Source all the
ingredients and then they package them
up so we've got ingredients from all
over some come from China some come from
the US it all gets mixed together and
then put in a pouch and then brand it up
and then it gets sent to Amazon right so
what you need to do is you need to find
a co-packer and you can find them in the
UK you can find them in Europe you can
find them in the US and it's super
simple you literally use Google and then
you just email them or even better you
get on the phone and you call them up
and you say look I've got an
idea maybe don't say I've got an idea to
make you sound like a noob I'm looking
to launch a product in the US this is
the these are the ingredients and you
already know what the ingredients are
because they literally lay it out on the
website or on the Amazon listing you've
got all these ingredients here now I
actually went down the road on this I
actually went down the path of looking
at this as a brand and a product idea
now these ingred are quite difficult to
Source right if you ring a C- Packer
they'll say that they can look into it
for you but they're quite difficult to
Source but there's a lot of other
consumable products that are not that
difficult to Source right this is just
an example for you I'm not saying go out
and launch this brand but I'm showing
you the steps of how to do it right so
this part of the process you can use
Google or you can use sites like
thomasnet so Google just found me that
one there in two minutes right this is
this is a manufacturing C Packer and
they do all of this different stuff
Sports Nutrition neut Tropics dietary
supplements weight loss supplements
capture manufacturing they do all of
this stuff right and they'll they'll
turn it into powders into tablets
capsules soft gels quality raw materials
so look they they'll do everything for
you and they are super super easy to
work with that it's it's honestly not as
difficult as you think to bring these
products to Market and they'll do
private label they'll you know they'll
help you with the packaging they'll do
all SS of different stuff look collagen
gummies all of this sort of stuff and
that's all these brands do it's not as
complex as you think right another one
is is thomasnet he's basically a huge
directory of suppliers and manufacturers
in the US right so you can you can type
in I don't know um collagen whatever I
don't know you can type it in right and
it'll be manufacturer of bow Vine
chicken and fish collagen all right
there you go look so if you were looking
to launch a Bine product perhaps these
guys suitable for you supplements
functional foods Cosmetics there you go
makers nutrition I think that was that
one that we just found no Divine uh
manufactur tasteless collagen protein
available in one teaspoon serving size
so look here you go disb of fish so look
how easy that was I literally just typed
in collagen and I found all of these
these manufacturers in the US look
grass-fed BR Bine nutritional
supplements there's so many of these
companies and all you need to do is you
need to go click on this and it'll take
you to their website or you can view the
phone number if you click on go to
website you can contact them in multiple
ways you can click this and they'll have
a form that you fill in or you pick up
the phone if you're based in Europe and
you don't have a a US landline just use
Skype just call them up and be like hey
I'm looking to do this can you let me
know this blah blah blah this is how
easy it is right and this is super super
simple and if you are working a 9 to5
and you want to do this on the side you
can hire a VA and have them do all of
this you can say to a VA go and find me
the contact information for 20 different
Co Packers in the US super simple super
easy right so what we've done we've
found an existing brand a product that's
trending we want to see something that's
trending because what I like about this
Niche with this um grass-fed supplements
or whatever it was yeah grass-fed
supplements right is it's not it's not a
fidget spinner type product it's not
something that's just going you know
it's just suddenly out of nowhere it's
something that's just kind of trend
trending up right like this is a this
might not be the best keyword for it but
it's something that's slightly sort of
trending up and I just know anecdotally
that like like keto and all this
grass-fed stuff is in is is in a niche
um that's just growing you know like
paleo is getting more um more popular
all that type of stuff so you want to
position yourself in a niche that's
growing because like another one is
probiotics right um what is it
probiotics for women for example right
so again this is a massive massive nich
I'm not saying go and launch this but
it's a good example of look at this
right it's not it's not just gone like
boom like like up it's not just this
super super trendy thing right but what
you want to see is that over a three or
four year period every year there's an
increase in demand every year it's get
more and more aware right because this
might not just continually go up over
the years but it's you know you're
entering a market that's big and that
it's got potential to keep growing year
on year and that's what you want you
don't want to be entering a market where
it's just getting less and less um less
less and less sort of popular over time
you want to see you want to see a
gradual increase like this you know
because if you see a massive up Spike
that might be something that's going to
be very very saturated very quickly you
want something that's steadily growing
right and there's tons of other little
sub niches in stuff like this like
vaginal probiotics that's something that
I've seen
recently that's look at that you know
that this is another good example it was
flat for a couple of years and then it's
gaining this um traction I'm going to
show you why these niches are doing this
a little bit later on in the video but
to bring it back step one you want to
find these trending niches then you want
to find a brand or a product that's
doing it really well because you're
essentially going to copy that brand or
product right and there's no shame in
that the smartest people copy and and
they they don't innovate you not not you
know everyone's not not every everyone's
a a James Dyson where you're going to
invent this you know Innovative product
that's going to change the world that's
not how most people make money most
people get rich by copying other people
you copy it with your own identity a
slight bit of innovation on the product
and The Branding and then you make money
so then using chat GPT right you're
you're leveraging these AI tools to help
speed up the ideation phase for your
brand identity for your brand name
everything else step three you're going
to be finding suppliers that you can
compare with China right if I come to
Alibaba right and I type in um beef
supplements beef organ supplements right
you're going to see tons of stuff on CH
uh over in China look you're going to
see these which are just that's
literally just a ripoff of um liver
Kings brand but what you want to be
doing is you want to be speaking to
China also because you want to get their
numbers and compare it to the numbers
that you get from the US now you can
still use China like a lot of these
gummy supplements come from China like
creatine gummies a lot of that stuff is
coming from China so you don't
necessarily have to Source it in the US
or Europe but what you want to be doing
at this stage is getting prices from
China but also from the UK or the us or
whatever because you need to compare
those prices you want to see if I Source
it locally what's the price and if I
Source it from China what's the price
right then step four let's have a look
you want to be launching using Amazon
and Tik Tok you can also throw in meta
here right but these are different
stages of different difficulty now if
you were to launch a copycat of this
product in the US market you're probably
going to need a lot of money because
it's a big Niche it's competitive you're
going up against you know big um big
companies but you could launch this in
the UK you could La launch it in Germany
you could probably launch it in
Australia and as long as you're using a
holistic strategy where you where you
know how to launch on Amazon which if
you don't know that we've got tons of
videos on that on the channel you know
how to put a product on Amazon and how
to launch it using Amazon advertising
but where the competitive Advantage
comes in in 2024 is using Tik Tok right
so unless you've been living under a
rock you must have heard of Tik Tok and
Tik Tok shop and all that type of stuff
right if you come to Tik Tok and you
search Primal Queen basically what these
brands are doing is they are sending
their product to tons of people who then
make content on Tik Tok that content
goes viral and then because people see
that Viral content they come across the
Amazon and they start searching for the
brand so this is why you see what I
showed you before if you type in Primal
Queen what you're going to see is 90,000
people a month searching for this
product right so this is what happens
Amazon is a marketplace right A lot of
people think that Amazon is just for
like non Brands so so nobody's going to
search for your brand what they're going
to search for is beef supplements and
you've got a rank at the top for that
now that is true you want to rank for
those non-branded keywords but this is
ultimately what you want you want
branded search you want your product to
be on Amazon and you want to rank for
you know supplements beef supplements
beef organ supplements all those
keywords but also on top of that you
want people already searching for your
brand you want people to have the
awareness and that comes from doing
marketing off of Amazon that comes from
doing Facebook ads that comes from doing
Tik Tok Affiliates right so these brands
are doing stuff like this so this woman
will received this product and then
she's marketing it she's talking about
the product she's saying what it did for
her how it made her feel then all of
these people they see it and you know
what they do they go across to Amazon
and they search for it because everybody
thinks I want to order something and I
want it to arrive in a few hours or I
want it to arrive the next day
that's why people are still using Amazon
so much because it's so convenient so
they they're scrolling on Instagram
they're scrolling on Tik Tok and they
see the product they think that looks
amazing they don't buy it there and then
a lot of the time they go to Amazon but
uh Tik Tok has now introduced what's
called Tik Tok shop so this is
absolutely wild so basically when you're
browsing Tik Tok now if you see a
product or a brand that you like and
let's imagine this woman is promoting
this product right she's promoting this
product on Tik Tok shop now what happens
in the bottom left hand corner there's a
little button there's a little button
and you can click it and then buy this
product straight up on Tik Tok shop now
what I'm going to show you is a tool
where you can see the most popular
products on Tik Tok shop so this is a
tool called Fast MOS again if you want
to start using this check the video
description because we've got a discount
code for it I think you can save 20% as
far as I know I don't think Primal Queen
is on here but basically what it allows
you to do is is search for products and
Brands so let's have a look maybe it is
on here and I've not actually seen it
yet so Primal Queen it is on there but
it doesn't look like there's any sold in
the last seven days let's have a look
can we change the
filters can we change the period so this
is only showing me the last seven days
and I can't see any sold so maybe these
guys are not actually running this right
now but what you can see at some point
they have had um their product on there
let me just log in right so you can see
right at some point so they actually
haven't done Tik Tok shop at all yet
which is quite funny so there you can
see let's have a look in the last 180
days maybe they've done more and they've
just stopped so they haven't they're not
even really using Tik Tok shop yet which
is very interesting but this is the
perfect product to sell on Tik Tok
because you can already see you can
already see that people are making
videos and it's going viral right so you
can already see all of these products so
this is what you need to be doing and
this is why you need unique packaging
you need a unique brand name which is
what I've talked about before and and
then you get these people right getting
getting 880,000 views on a video that's
880,000 people that have seen this brand
that then going to go on and search for
it and start using it right if I go back
to the dashboard you can see all of
these Brands so you've got Brands like
golly which are just absolutely killing
it these guys are doing $3 million a
month and all of these people see it
they either buy it on Tik Tok and then
they go across to Amazon and they and
and and then they buy it on there right
so you can see all of these videos right
people will just making these Tik Tok
videos they're getting paid commission
for doing this but this is this is
basically right this is basically step
four you want to be launching on Amazon
so you want your product on Amazon like
it is on here um and then you want to be
launching you want to be sending it to
Affiliates and getting people to promote
it so those people either buy it
directly through Tik Tok shop or they
come across they come across to your to
to your website or they come to Amazon
and they buy it there because Primal K
have got a really nice website I've got
no idea how much they're doing but I
know on Amazon they're doing they're
doing crazy numbers I think they're
doing about $400,000 on Amazon let's
have a quick
look um and then they're doing they must
be doing hundreds of thousands through
their own website and then what I'm
going to show you in a sec is the meta
advertising that these guys are doing
because I think they're doing a lot of
Facebook ads so let's have a look Primal
Queen where the hell is it Primal Queen
$415,000 a month that's one product just
on Amazon now meta ad Library let's have
a look so if you didn't know how to use
this before this is basically the
Facebook ad Library where you can you
can basically search any company and you
can see the ads that they're running on
Facebook right so I know this is a us
only brand going to come to All Brands
and then Primal Queen and what this is
going to show me is all of the brand all
of the ads that this brand are running
because the reason why they've got so
many people searching for it is because
they're doing advertising off of Amazon
so this is what you want to be working
towards right you want to have a brand
and if you look it's very very simple a
lot of these videos are videos made Tik
Tok what this brand does or what they
will do is they'll take the best
performing videos from Tik Tok and then
they'll use them in their meta ads so
the reason that you got so many people
searching directly for this brand is
because they're doing meta ads they're
doing Tik Tok ads they're doing Tik Tok
Affiliates and that's driving all these
people to Amazon and their own website
so they I it wouldn't surprise me if
these guys were doing a million dollars
a month in sales or more with one simple
product some nice packaging some nice
branding and let me tell you their
margin is going to be big because if you
look if you if you look at the price
Primal Queen if you look at the price of
this product compared to others so this
is I think you get 20 capsules but look
at this it's
$60 so you you can actually get more for
Less so I think this I think this one
here is 120
capsules um it's 180 capsules I'm pretty
sure Primal Queen is only
60 let's have a look 100% grass form how
many is in there contains six Central I
think it's 60 capsules yeah
look you can see here 60 capsules right
60 capsules for $60 and then you've got
exactly the same product pretty much in
some of these where you get10 so be
because they've got so much branded
search because they're doing advertising
off of Amazon they can charge a much
higher price and their profit margin is
going to be ridiculous on top of that
this is a subscription based product
right so you can subscribe to this look
for 50 bucks you get all of these free
things they want people to subscribe
30-day Supply delivered monthly you get
a free jar you get a a pill case you get
a mystery gift they want people to
subscribe now this is the other thing
about supplements about consumable
products it's incredible because you get
LTV you get lifetime value where people
are subscribing to your brand so let's
bring it back you want to be finding an
existing brand then you want to be using
AI to come up with your brand identity
and all the rest of it the name
everything you want to find a supplier
you want to speak to that supplier
explain it you want to get samples you
want to test them this doesn't happen in
two weeks it takes time once you've done
that you've got everything set up you've
got your version of Primal Queen you're
going to launch it on Amazon and if you
don't know how to do that check out our
other videos and then you're going to
launch it on Tik Tok now we're going to
be documenting how we're doing this
inside of our community honest FBA is
our community we're going to be doing
this exact process with a brand in the
UK and we're going to be documenting it
with everyone in there so everybody can
learn and copy from us now hopefully
this video shown a bit of light on how
you can launch a brand or a supplement
right it doesn't have to be a supplement
brand you can replace this with anything
it can be a physical uh a toy it can be
anything right it's the same steps and
if you know how to do this and if you
know how to launch on Amazon if you know
how to leverage influencers on Tik Tok
um on Instagram if you know how to do
meta ads there is so much opportunity in
2024 and it's you know I genuinely don't
think there's been a better time to be
launching these typee of Brands and
these types of products let me know in
the comments below what you think I
would love to hear your guys thoughts
and go and watch this video that I did
recently where I talk about what was I
talking about where I talk about the
future of Amazon FBA check it out and
I'll see you in the next one see you
later